hi everyone this is MA today I'm going
to show you how to make a headband with
a bow so let's get started I'm going to
work with a size six millimeter crochet
hook and worsted weight yarn chain eight
five six seven eight
chain eight single crochet in the second
stitch from the hook and in each stitch
of the chain
like that chain one and turn working in
the backside of the stitch only single
crochet in each stitch across the row
chain 1 and turn single crochet in each
stitch across the row still working in
the backside of the stitch only
repeat that last row until the strip
measures 22 inches when the strip is
long enough fold it in half and bring
both ends together
slip the hook out of there pass it
through this end and pull that loop
through pull the two ends together
matching the stitches and slip stitch to
join
like that and fasten off meet the
earnings into the finished work
I can wear your headband playing or I
can make a boat to make the bow make
another piece that measures
approximately four or five inches wrap
your yarn around the center to form the
bow like that tie these into a square
knot right this long you're an end into
a new and so the bow onto the headband
with this yarn end like that
you